Community PR - Dune Dashboard (2a) (#5976)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/dune-analytics/parachain-dashboards/frequency-dashboards.md

---
id: frequency-dashboards
title: Frequency Dashboards
sidebar_label: Frequency
description:
  Frequency is a parachain on Polkadot focusing on decentralized communication solutions. It allows
  the creation and management of decentralized networks for various applications, enhancing data
  privacy and security.
keywords: [polkadot, dashboard, dune, frequency, communication]
slug: ../frequency-dashboards
---

# Frequency Dashboards

## Overview

Frequency is a parachain on Polkadot focusing on decentralized communication solutions. It allows
the creation and management of decentralized networks for various applications, enhancing data
privacy and security.

## Featured Dashboards on Dune

> Here you'll find a variety of dashboards that help visualize data from the Frequency parachain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you will find a variety of dashboards that help visualize data from the Frequency parachain:
```

- [Frequency Dashboard](https://dune.com/substrate/frequency): A comprehensive view of the
  activities within the Frequency parachain.

Please also visit our dashboards for Frequency on
[Dune Analytics](https://dune.com/discover/content/relevant?q=title:Frequency%20author:substrate).

## Key Tables

Data from the Frequency parachain is organized into several key tables:

- `frequency.balances`
- `frequency.blocks`
- `frequency.calls`
- `frequency.events`,
- `frequency.extrinsics`
- `frequency.transfers`

## Useful Queries

> Currently, there are no specific queries provided. Please check back later for updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, there are no specific queries provided.
```
